Thanks for the detailed report! 4/1/2026

Here are my stream of consciousness thoughts: 

# I dont like the 'clinical decision support system' language and we need to scrub that context from the project. What I am envisioning is an agent native harness - engineered for healtchare. The genesis of which is a nursing agent plugin - because i am a nurse. But that mvp should not limit the scope of the entire project 

1.Geneis - Scrub the tired nurse language. It can be quite nauseating when llm's attempt empathy on a human level. Not calling you out, but this type of rhetoric cannot make it into the shipped product. The usefulness and actual adtoption by bedside nurses is absolutely the consolidation of trustworthy and consistent results from our agentic framework. But the tendency to over engineer here is massive - and the tools and skills we have already built are a kind of testament into 'what i want the agent to know' vs 'what the agent already knows and i need to get out of the way'. 

Yes others have promised ambiet documentation - but that does not mean that we shouldnt at least entertain that this mote is something to at least strive for. The documentation piece is kind of what spurred this idea - hours spent mindlessly clicking boxing because 'clinical practice guidelines'. And so the agent harness should aim to fullfill those regulatory, institutional requirements - but in ambient free text language that is not intrusive and not mind-numbing. 

Chartwell ai was a seed - they are a non-factor and should be scrubbed from entire project context. 

The plugin is MVP only, and should remain a branch or 'lite' fork of the over arching scope of noah-rn. BUt we need to be careful and put a lot of thoughts into the unncessary contraints of saying 'no chat interface'. The Plugin is implemented in CLI currently - but in reality, this would need to be something that a nurse could load onto their claude or chatgpt app on their phone first - that is where it will be brought into the care settings. 

Again, the focus on 'decision support' is context poision that is laced throughout the project now - unintentionally hamstringing the possibility of what we can build based on an arbitrary objective. The harness will be 'supportive' - but the aim will be usefulness, reliability, and trust. 

The problem with open-source nature vs big player inference is a real issue. This is where some of the deterministic functions will be useful to reduce hallucination. But i think it would be wise to design for SOTA models currently and then refine as we transpose the product for use by lower parameter models. In this way, we can be future forward - getting out of the way of the LLM, and allowing lightweight harness engineering. Directing it towards what we want the output to be - instead of pre loading it with exactly how to get there, until it is clear it needs direction. 

2. The original protocols were a start - but if we are going to offer protocols then we need to be maximally inclusive and research all of the protocols used by big institutions and large hospital organizations. In reality - no one is going to be leveraging an ai agent harness in a code situation yet, but building out the lightweight scaffolding is fine. 

What is most important for the harness will be maximally useful context awareness of the patient. The patient history, the patient presentation, the current provider notes, the lab values, the medications currently taking, the vital signs, the clinical assessment at point of care, the interventions - AND THE TRENDS IN BETWEEN. This is medicine. This is nursing. This is noah-rn

The clinical calculators are only as important as they provide meaningful context to the agent! this is priority - we do not execute calculators because they exist. The calculators exist to inform our care. Like above, the calculators should be maximally includied in the agent harness - But rarely verbose unless called upon, but as a type of 'server daemon' which is calculated by the agent for context awareness. 

3. the hooks and scripts are going to be a huge part of validation, but these need to run seemlessly in the background. If we are going to use hooks and scripts - then we need to use them seamlessly, and exactly when we need to. This is intense and meticulous agent harness engineering directive. DOes the agent need this to be a hook, does the agent need this to be a script

The safety aspect in the saga is a fine directive, but it seems that these safety issues were a result of overengineering - while if i had asked a default claude ai to find me the answers without the tools, hooks, or scripts it would do it extremely safe

So we need to be aware that the models are getting smart - and we need to get out of the way whenever we can. Prompting for what it is we need, and not always exactly how to get it. 

4. The testing philosphy was a big epiphany moment for me. i asked myself: how can i architect a system that delivers what a nurse needs better than to show the agent or simulate to the agent what the nurse sees? This lead me to give some baseline reports in plain language - exactly what a nurse would say to another nurse giving report. This is clinical gold and i will need to do more manual work for skill.md fine tuning. But by the end of the section - in the journey doc, this leads to possible 'attempting to create edge cases' or something like that. Trying to infer what might be useful and harcoding these scenarios - which now that i look back at it, is probably just the fundamentally incorrect approach. These connections and clinical insight need to be ultra distilled into more broad perspective skills via prompt logic - i need to think about this more - but prompts to identify possible edge cases in the moment would invoke inference - BUT ONLY RELATIVE TO THE PATIENT ENCOUNTER and how it related to RAG knowledge that will be curated. idk if that makes sense

5. love the clipboard approach here - ultimately this could be a -grep in the patient chart if connected. and/or this is standard reporting protocol in nurse or provider handoff and some of these are a non issue, but code status and allergies should def be in the agent context. THe comment about checking whether the dose exceeds the range - this brings up an interesting point of safety -- a lot of the fail safes are pre built into the hospital system already, the pumps for instance have built in alerts and warnings when running out of range - WE NEED TO RELY ON THE TECH THAT IS ALREADY BUILT AND WILL ALWAYS BE IN PLACE. This includes, pumps, vitals monitors. The cracks are where things fall through. more to come here

6. This leads me to FHIR decision. Originally i had explicitly said no FHIR because breaking into the healthcare market and expectig FHIR communication with healthcare IOT is extremely huge blocker. ButTTT, i realized that the purity of simulation data and connectors to a system like this is fundamentatl to the foundation of noah-rn. therefore the decision was made to create a simulated dashboard that is pre loaded with mimic-IV data. The idea is maximum context engineering with close to implementation level awareness. This is what will inform our production - and we can pre build FHIR for possible future production while we are at it - win/win. 

This idea was ad hoc and needs to be researched and teased out more thoroughly. I currently do not have optics on what was created and how it was created. I know there is a lot of work to be done here and if we are going to build it  - it might as well be extremely maximally useful. I want to create a dashboard that is engineered based on what a provider is paying attention too. modular in approach - vitals monitor with streaming vitals - again this is pre built software in production - we do not need to engineer noah-rn to have rythem identification algorithms when phillips monitors already do this - we just need to point the agent harness in the right focus on what to pay attention to and when. The dashboard needs to have modules for pumps, lines, drains, tubes, monitors, clin notes, lab values, and a patient. 

Noah-rn is the nurse looking at the data and ingesting it like a clinician would. Not another safety healthcare device that is designed for the clinician to look at. It becomes the eyes and ears and fingers for the nurse with maximal context. 
